As a princess
Every word and deed represents the face of my royal family
Let you explore me and carry me
You don't care about her condition
Go to Princess Qi to fight in a private courtyard
Attempted murder
You are guilty
Phoenix folk is Concubine Qin
It's not the first time for you.
Commit such a reckless thing
If the emperor hadn't interceded for you
I must have taken your head
I am not allowed to enter the palace alone
Not even the Supreme Emperor's gold is guaranteed
This is an iron heart to treat me like this
Father and daughter-in-law knew they were wrong
Please look at the face of the Supreme Emperor
Expectant daughter-in-law treats King Huai's illness
Be meritorious
Are you saying that there is still a cure for Bai Wang's illness?
Reply that Huang Fei Lang is not terminally ill
Hello daughter-in-law
Since you can guarantee to cure King Huai's illness
I will believe you again
When did you say it was guaranteed to be cured?
If cured
I will forgive what happened today
If it can't be cured
It is also a crime of bullying the king
both crimes
Then I'll see who can save your life
Do you understand? It's obviously not easy to mess with the Chu family
Bullying the soft and fearing the hard
Half a king is half a tiger
The ancients can't afford it
What nonsense am I talking about?
Thunder, rain and dew are all Junen
I am the one who committed the crime of bullying the king, not you
Of course you don't have back pain when you stand and talk.
Father Emperor is just worried about King Huai's condition
Just try your best.
Father won't really blame
If you really blame
This king will bear it for you
My body doesn't know how long it will last
I'm going to die anyway
No need to pull the house dog to start it hard
Okay, I accept your intention.
One person does things and one person does things
You don't have to worry about me.
Ungrateful woman
This king is really affectionate